Feature/create contributing guide 177210106 (#3)
LibertyDSNP/example-client: CONTRIBUTING.md

### Pull Requests
Once you have written your contribution and it matches all conventions and has proper testing in place you can create a Pull Request on the Github repository. All PRs must follow the `Pull Request Template` found in the Template section below. To be approved and merged there are some specific requirements that must be met:
1. The test must pass CI/CD done through Github Actions
2. A member of the DSNP team must approve the changes
3. The changes must be rebased on top of the main branch before merging.

## Templates

#### Bug Report Template
```
Issue description
---------------
A description of bug and what you believe the intended outcome should have been

Reproduce Issue
---------------
1. A list of steps
2. to recreate the
3. bug or issue

Expected result
---------------
- A detailed description of what you expected to happen

Actual result
---------------
- A detailed descrtiption of what actually happened

Additional details / screenshot
---------------
- Any suplmenental pictures or material
- ![Screenshot]()
```

> #### Feature Request Template

Reviewer: You should be able to just add them to .github like https://github.com/LibertyDSNP/sdk-ts/tree/main/.github No additional access should be needed.

# Contributing Guide

## Welcome
Welcome to the example client for demonstrating the use of the DSNP (Distributed Social Networking Protocol) SDK. Thank you for opening this file and considering contributing to the project either by reporting issues or directly contributing code to the project!

## References
In creating bug reports, feature requests, or pull requests it's important to be familiar and up to date with both: 

> * [DSNP Specs](https://www.google.com/search) for how the DSNP works
> * [DSNP SDK](https://www.google.com/search) for integration with the DSNP

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [DSNP Spec](https://github.com/LibertyDSNP/spec) for how the DSNP works
* [DSNP SDK](https://github.com/LibertyDSNP/sdk-ts) for integration with the DSNP
```
